[New Architecture][iOS][0.71.0] Update the App Migration section (#3268)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/new-architecture-app-intro.md

React Native released the support for the New Architecture with the release `0.68.0`.

This guide is written with the expectation that you’re using the latest React Native release. At the moment of writing, this is `0.71.0`. Beside this guide, you can leverage the [upgrade helper](https://react-native-community.github.io/upgrade-helper/) to determine what other changes may be required for your project.

To update to the most recent version of React Native, you can run this command:

```bash

> npx react-native upgrade

Reviewer: nit: this should be backported to all the versions

Author: Ops... adressed in #3312

```

## Use Hermes

> Hermes is an open-source JavaScript engine optimized for React Native. Hermes is enabled by default and you have to explicitly disable it if you want to use JSC.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hermes is an open-source JavaScript engine optimized for React Native. Hermes is enabled by default, and you have to explicitly disable it if you want to use JSC.
```

> We highly recommend using Hermes in your application. With Hermes enabled, you will be able to use the JavaScript debugger in Flipper to directly debug your JavaScript code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We highly recommend using Hermes in your application. With Hermes enabled, you can use the JavaScript debugger in Flipper to directly debug your JavaScript code.
```

yarn add react@18.0.0

> ```

Reviewer: General feedback here: those instructions are misleading.

IMHO:  To update to the most recent version of React Native, you can run this command:

```
npx react-native upgrade
```

By doing `yarn add react-native@0.70.0` we expose users to misalignment of the React version.

Specifically 0.70 is on React 18.1.0: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/0b4b7774e2d71259962ed36b7acb5c3989c3be9c/package.json#L97

0.71 will most likely be on 18.2.0 and so on..

Author: Will `npx react-native upgrade` upgrade also its dependencies?

> ## Use Hermes

Author: I moved the `Use Hermes` up because the previous structure was weird.
Previously we had:
- setup Android
- setup Hermes for both ios and android
- setup Android (again)
- setup iOS

The new structure is
- Setup Hermes (for both the platforms)
- Setup Android
- Setup iOS

Hermes is an open-source JavaScript engine optimized for React Native. Hermes is enabled by default and you have to explicitly disable it if you want to use JSC.

We highly recommend using Hermes in your application. With Hermes enabled, you will be able to use the JavaScript debugger in Flipper to directly debug your JavaScript code.

Please [follow the instructions on the React Native website](hermes) to learn how to enable/disable Hermes.

:::caution

**iOS:** If you opt out of using Hermes, you will need to replace `HermesExecutorFactory` with `JSCExecutorFactory` in any examples used throughout the rest of this guide.

:::

> ### Android

Reviewer: I would remove the instructions here and just link to the hermes page.

To enable Hermes in Android, open the `android/app/build.gradle` and apply the following changes:

```diff
project.ext.react = [

> -    enableHermes: true,  // clean and rebuild if changing
> +    enableHermes: true,  // clean and rebuild if changing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-    enableHermes: false,  // clean and rebuild if changing
+    enableHermes: true,  // clean and rebuild if changing
```

+  implementation project(":ReactAndroid")  // From node_modules
```

> ## iOS - Make the project build

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## iOS - Build the project
```

After upgrading the project, there are a few changes you need to apply:

1. Target the proper iOS version. Open the `Podfile` and apply this change:

```diff
- platform :ios, '11.0'
+ platform :ios, '12.4'
```

2. Create an `.xcode.env` file to export the locaion of the NODE_BINARY. Navigate to the `ios` folder and run this command:

```sh
echo 'export NODE_BINARY=$(command -v node)' > .xcode.env
```

If you need it, you can also open the file and replace the `$(command -v node)` with the path to the node executable.

> React Native supports also a local version of this file `.xcode.env.local`. This file is not synced with the repository to let you customize your local setup, if it differs from the Continuous Integration or the team one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
React Native also supports a local version of this file `.xcode.env.local`. This file is not synced with the repository to let you customize your local setup, if it differs from the Continuous Integration or the team one.
```
